JBTM-3309: Adding JWT security layer to secure interaction with an LR… (#1636)
jbosstm/narayana: rts/lra/lra-coordinator-jar/README.md

Enable LRA JWT Security
=======================

Requirements
------------

* Always name the JWT token **Realm** as: `narayana-lra-jwt`

* Allowed Roles: `{"admin","participant"}`

> Before starting LRA-coordinator, we have to first set some System/Environment variable properties, in order to enable LRA-JWT-security layer.

Reviewer: Can these be MP config properties?

Author: It depends on the server on which application is running, if it takes MP config properties into consideration, it would work.

Reviewer: Then change this to:
```suggestion
Before starting LRA-coordinator, we have to first set some MicroProfile Config properties, in order to enable LRA-JWT-security layer.
```

Author: okay

To enable security, set the value as "**true**":

> 	is.security.enabled

Reviewer: maybe this should be prefixed with `lra.` or similar to avoid assumptions that this is some overall security.

Author: Would `is.lra.security.enabled` be more meaningful? Shall I go with this one?

Reviewer: I would suggest only `lra.security.enabled` so we can only add `mp.` in case we move it to the spec. Or in SmallRye we use package so it would be here `io.narayana.lra.security.enabled`. I'll leave it to you.

Author: Okay, will go with `lra.security.enabled` then.

Enable LRA JWT Security
=======================

Requirements
------------

> * Always name the JWT token **Realm** as: `narayana-lra-jwt`

Reviewer 2: I would like to understand where is this `realm` configured. Is it something automatic defined how the Smallrye JWT works?

Author: Actually, the `realm` will be configured as part of authentication/authorization mechanism like keycloak.

* Allowed Roles: `{"admin","client","system"}`

Role `system` is only for internal, nested coordinator endpoint calls. 

Before starting LRA-coordinator, we have to first set some MicroProfile Config properties, in order to enable LRA-JWT-security layer.

To enable security, set the value as "**true**":

	lra.security.enabled
	
Set JWT token Issuer:

	mp.jwt.verify.issuer

Set either publicKey location or set the publicKey value directly:
    
	mp.jwt.verify.publickey.location
	mp.jwt.verify.publickey
	

> `mp.jwt.verify.publickey.location` option only works with HTTPS in quarkus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`mp.jwt.verify.publickey.location` option only works with HTTPS in Quarkus
```

Reviewer 2: please, the behaviour in WildFly is different - aka. is it possible to use the HTTP?

Author: There was a issue with Quarkus, I am not sure if this problem is still there.
